Yes, sir.
I think it's a good thing.
Assistant, Assistant Council, sir.
Did the Senate investigate in committee?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Ambassador, I'll ask you whether or not
women, reason, please, a fuller,
or a record delivery, you will ask the shot.
Yes, sir.
When did that occur?
It was on Thursday last,
when after I had met the private shine at the airport,
and I, and we came back to the Senate Office building
to Room 101, at which time,
private shine,
delivered to the bundle or some papers onto the desk of Frank's car
at Room 101, as I recall, he said,
well, here's the, here, the, you want this,
or something like that.
And, well, that bundle or package
will be your presence.
No, sir.
If you ever see the condense,
at a subsequent time,
whether that time, no, sir,
the private shine, delivered to the bundle
contained, I believe that,
when we got to Room 101, it was mentioned
made of a photograph.
And you say that it was laid on the desk of Mr. Car Getter.
Who was present at that time,
at the office of Mrs. Francis Limbs?
I didn't get to meet Francis Limbs, sir.
Please, please.
Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith.
He is the secretary on the subcommittee.
Does anyone else present, besides you, Mr. Shy?
And Mrs. Limbs?
I don't.
I'm pretty sure there wasn't anybody else present there, sir,
because the hearings, as I recall, the hearings were going on.
And, uh, what's the staff?
I understand if you were not present
when the package was over.
Yes, that's right. That's correct, sir.
That is correct.
You say that you later saw the contents of the package.
Well, and as long as it's one time, I was told to bring some papers
up to the committee room here.
And, uh, I think, uh,
is our recall, uh, Francis sort of, uh,
open. She didn't actually find out.
She found the open that I get to take a look at the photograph,
and I kind of looked, but I didn't get a real good look at the time.
You see, the entire photograph is on a tear.
It introduces that, and no, sir, no, sir.
You do not know that, or whether there were,
or who are three people showing the photograph still only not, sir.
Did you ever, at any time, see the original photograph,
delivered to you in that package?
Assuming it was in the package, by Mr. Shining, sir.
Mr. Masters, you, a person's picture,
was cut out of the original.
You know, that's the first, do you know anything about it, why not?
No, sir.
Did you have anything to do with it?
That's so much, sir.
Then the last time that you saw the original package,
delivered to you by Mr. Shining,
was in room 101, in Mr. Howard Always,
at which time you, Mr. Shining,
Mrs. Raymond, were present.
It's that correct, the last time, yes.
That you saw that the original package,
uh, film, you mean as it was delivered by Mr.
Yes, sir, that's right.
Mr. Masters, one of them,
did anyone ever tell you,
to say anything about anyone,
all of them are changing,
you're coming out,
and into this room, how much picture?
There was talk about, uh,
the photograph, the in brought down stairs,
and to the, uh,
to the, uh,
photograph,
and, uh, but I don't know anything of my own personal knowledge.
Do you know anything from what anyone told you about,
who did anyone this?
Cut off one of the individual pictures.
I do not know who cut out,
if they just cut it off.
There's one other question, Mr. Masters.
Two others now.
The room that you delivered the picture here in this room,
uh, last week,
well I was told to, uh,
to bring up, uh, these papers,
uh, which included the,
the wrapped up photograph,
two, two Jim Giuliana,
to the union,
and, uh,
as I recall,
he met me halfway down the aisle,
and I can see a new member of his mate,
yes sir.
Mr. Masters,
did you,
a hen,
a dinner,
a party,
gathering,
at the Colony Wrestling
here in Washington on Monday night of this week?
Absolutely not sir.
As a matter of fact,
fortunately,
I, uh, had dinner with, uh,
two other men
that evening at, uh,
the year's restaurant,
here in town.
I have no other questions, Mr. Masterson.
The uh, chairgettles
from the left remark that,
if there continues to be any questions about,
before you were Monday night,
you're able to provide two witnesses
to where you were,
and perhaps,
so hopefully sir.
And if we're not the Colony,
that's, that's right, very good.
There's one other question that,
if you're chair and your part in this, uh,
photograph, uh,
transactions,
if you're strictly limited
to having received
a wrapped package,
covering something
which you believe can be a photograph,
but there's not any.
And transferring that wrapped package
to a third bottle,
well as I say,
it was, uh, it was on the desk,
and, uh, I never had this.
You never had this?
No, except one of it.
That is some time I brought it up to this room.
Uh, maybe,
other great comments,
the chair asked a number of questions in yesterday,
uh, which,
throughout of the fact that,
the big picture,
and these small,
original,
seemed to be considerably different
from the standpoint of the amount
to close-shown the bottom of the picture,
and so forth.
Out of this,
possibly information about,
in large amounts,
uh,
in general,
changes in photographs,
that,
currently, having to be rather pertinent,
because,
may or may not seem
that some of these photographs are trans,
so the amount of information
to be in the record.
And it's possible to take off the bottom of the picture
without taking off the top and vice versa.
So the chair doesn't know whether,
again, this question will be very pertinent enough,
or whether,
is it quite that empty-handed
to better be empty-handed only one?
So I think you want to be,
it may not have been one of the questions,
but I'd like to ask you,
uh, a fair limit on.
You're turned to ask questions,
if you have.
All I want,
I didn't quite understand,
you want to go this and ask this.
You brought the picture from there,
and you're related on the desk in one office.
So I didn't, uh,
bring it from the airport.
Um,
uh,
try to shine the handle of the whole thing.
And he brought it in, he delivered it,
I suppose he means that he delivered it to me
by putting it on the desk.
And did I say,
as I recall,
he says,
about, here it is,
or is the business stuff,
or is the deal not
raising any questions about it?
I thought he
testified that he delivered it to you.
Well, I,
now, hey,
well, sorry, he did not,
he did not give it to me,
I did not take it from his hand.
He came and brought it
on the desk,
and well, well,
who else is in the room when he laid it on the desk?
Is he a friend?
Oh, I ask you who else was present?
At the time he laid it on the desk in your presence.
Mr. Spryen's men,
did he tell you he was delivering the picture to you?
Well, he didn't say that he was delivering it to me, right?
Well, now, he says that he delivered it to you.
Is that correct or not?
I don't know, I'm just asking you each test.
Well, he didn't say,
I mean, as very call,
he said, here it is.
Did you take the session of the picture to Elser?
No, sir.
Positively did not.
Absolutely not.
Then it was not delivered to you.
No, sir.
In that sense that he didn't,
he didn't.
Well, I was delivered to you in any sense.
Well, sir, I don't know what he has in his mind.
I don't even.
I'm asking you, you're one of the partners.
He may have delivered it in a sense that he,
that he thought he was given it,
he was giving it to my custody of my possession.
But I never took possession of custody of him.
He thought he was doing that, he was mistaken.
You didn't say, because that's right, sir.
That's correct. Yes, sir.
So you don't have to have an acceptance left there on the desk.
Yes, sir.
It was on the desk when you left the room.
Who else was present when you left?
Well, I guess Francis Memphis was there.
Miss Lou, Mrs. Memphis.
That's all you know, sir.
Yes, sir. I walked out of the room.
That's all.
Enter, sir.
Enter Jackson.
Why did you go to the airport?
I was told to go there, sir.
Who told you to go to the airport?
Mrs. Memphis told me that she had received a message
from Mr. Colne to for me to go to the airport
and meet Robert Chinon, bring him to the office.
You've been advised of the nature of his trip to New York?
Most of.
And you haven't heard anything about me
as having a picture with me when he arrived.
No, so I didn't know that he had a picture with me.
All you know is that you received instructions
to meet him at the airport and to bring him in.
That's right.
To the office?
Yes, sir.
Uh...
Did you at any time?
At any time, during this period?
Uh...
Hear any conversations or discussion about coming down
the sides of this picture and controversy?
No, sir.
You've never heard any discussion in the office
or elsewhere with anyone.
No, I had nothing to do with the...
uh...
blowing up or...
or...
taking other negatives of the thing.
And you have...
I mean, not only did you not have any knowledge directly,
you didn't hear about anything and could also have to
answer the point that had to raise in the hearing series.
No, I'm at fire.
No, sir, I did not.
Uh-huh.
And all you heard about was some talk in the office
about the photo being brought downstairs.
Uh...
You mentioned you testified that you heard talking
the committee room or...
Oh, yes, when we were being interviewed by uh...
by uh...
Mr. Jenkins.
No, I meant up until the time the picture was introduced.
In evidence.
On Monday.
Oh, no, I didn't.
That's all.
Senator Potter.
Uh...
Did you testify to the fact that you didn't see the photograph again?
But at the time, it was open, the fact that you go for the office of 101.
Until you put the rest to bring the photograph up to uh...
Mr. Juliano.
Well, as I recall, Senator, uh...
just before I was to...
take the uh... photograph and some other papers up to this room.
Uh...
Francis Memphis, I think she kind of...
uh...
took a peek at it or something like that, I can't let's all of that.
I just get a real good look at the picture at all.
You and your family were both not sure I did not.
You have no knowledge of any uh...
of any uh...
work being done on the photograph.
Uh...
You weren't present of anything.
It was done for no, sir.
You only think that tonight I have Mr. Carman, is that...
We're going to continue to use that span around the names of uh...
of restrooms to your Washington.
We should uh...
charge for commercial.
You should see that.
The chairman's command to send it to commercial has been eliminated from the broadcast.
He's probably with the committee room.
And the time is just...
You say it definitely.
This thing is...
This thing you would never in your custody.
Uh...
I have never uh...
definitely think it was...
It was rough.
Did I do ever touch it?
Warm it.
I mean, it's put my hand on it.
You know, I'm losing one of those uh...
It still covered over.
But you...
You...
You did not ever have touch the other.
Or did.
Well, he had a physical touch to the other.
I never really handled this.
Send it to my hand.
It's too well.
Mr. Nazco, you are, I think, a lawyer in that right, Mr. Nazco.
And the graduate of that somewhat suspect place Harvard.
Correct.
And the classmate of my brilliant young assistant, Jim St. Clair.
I don't remember his name.
I'm not taking that.
There's been classmate of yours, I'm sure.
I remember meeting Mr. St. Clair, uh...
Boston, before I came out of Washington.
Now, the committee is being deprived of this delightful color.
I wish it didn't have to be in the name of it.
I thought it was.
I was making an introduction to Mr. Chairman.
He happens to be a classmate of Mr. St. Clair,
and they were born to each other.
Very good.
On the board of the staff.
And to the field by floor station, many are given.
I'm not carrying a total of the procedures.
Mr. Nazco, uh...
I may be wrong in this, but, uh...
using an underworld phrase,
you kind of give me the impression that you feel this picture has become hot.
There's that...
Very good.
And you do have a kind of a feeling.
You don't want it to be any closer to that hot picture than you have to be.
Absolutely sure, I should.
And the closest we've got you to the hot picture is that you might have placed your hand on it,
and likely with God.
See, that writer?
Well, it's quickly withdrawn.
I just quickly withdraw as I was.
Maybe I'd...
Maybe my gesture was too abrupt, sir.
I mean, if you displace your hand on the hot picture, you all told me.
We reasonably promptly withdrew it.
Is that right?
I didn't want it in front of us, sir.
You didn't...
I didn't want it.
I didn't say anything.
Now I just thought you'd say that when Mr. Shine brought the bundle into the room,
he said the picture was included, is that right?
The latter was brought to the room.
I believe there was some discussion as to the photograph.
Yes, he did.
I very calm.
Now there were two people in that room, is that right?
Yes, sir.
Three of us.
Well, me not, meaning they'll admit, I have a kind.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
And you, sir?
And this is, is that men's or men's, men's, M-I-M-F.
Now private Shine was not delivering the picture to Mrs. Men's, was he?
No, sir.
And so, it's clear, is it not, that when he put it down in that room,
he delivered it to you.
Well, he delivered it to me in a sense.
Well, in any old sense, I mean, I suppose, he was delivering it to the subcommittee.
Well, you don't mean to me.
And I am a member of the subcommittee, so in a sense, he delivered to me.
I'm talking about human beings.
The human being, the whom the picture was delivered, was not named men's, was he?
Well, he could well have been delivering it to her and to me, or to me alone.
I don't know what was in there.
You just told us the woman was going, he wasn't delivering it to her.
Well, he may have been delivering it to both of us, I suppose, and...
Well, the vegetarian, I'm a...
Okay, would you take a 50% position of the not picture?
Why, there's no making any difference, sir.
I just can take the say that it was, in a sense, delivered to me,
but it wasn't actually given, why did it take us so long?
It gets to that point, if that's the actual point.
Sure, I'm for the point, if you're to be to the subcommittee before.
Now you say, Francis, as you however, and I don't mean to just be disperienced to her.
Francis, open this, was that the phrase you used?
Well, later when it was ready to be brought up to this...
Oh, after you was left there.
Yes, sir. No, no.
I had returned.
I was told to bring it up to this room.
Oh, yeah.
And just before I took that and other papers to be brought up here,
as I recall, she kind of pushed the things side, pushed the paper
on the front just to take a look.
And you took a little piece yourself.
That's right.
If you take a good enough piece, so you can tell us if the picture had a cast of three characters.
Now, sir, I didn't take a real good look.
I know it was shine and Mr. Stevens and Paul,
I know it could have been three or a dozen other people in there.
I don't...
Mr. and that says that you prior to the time that hot picture was brought into that room.
Heard any discussion about the facts of their widening systems.
A picture of Secretary Stevens and private shines alone.
Not, not, not alone, sir.
Not alone.
You haven't heard that.
I may have heard that there was a picture of a woman.
Any old woman?
Oh, after I was about to take it up to the room.
At that time, I knew there was a picture of a private shine and Secretary Stevens alone.
No, I didn't know whether it was a lawyer.
I knew in this hearing room when that picture was thrown on Mr. Stevens
with the suggestion that he was scarcely telling the truth when he said he could not remember
ever having had a picture taken with private shine alone.
I believe I was, sir.
I either was or was watching it on television.
How were you as assistant counsel preparing this case for presentations in this room?
I have been called upon to help to a certain extent on various matters pertaining to this case.
But I had, I was not asked to do anything in regard to this photograph except to go to to to get the private shine.
The airport, I didn't even know you had a picture with them.
And then subsequently I was asked to bring this photograph in the papers upstairs in this committee room.
Well, somebody helped me to see the first picture that was introduced in evidence,
which purports the show's demons and private shine, Mr. Secretary Stevens, the private shine alone.
From the caucus room, the Senate office building in Washington,
the usual has been bringing you special coverage of the congressional hearings.
It's the work required AFB dash for dates November 17, 1953.
Who puts that on there?
I never saw anybody put it on.
That's not me.
Well, as I recall, I think that while we were being interviewed by Mr. Jenkins staff yesterday,
I heard Jim Julianna tell Mr. Jenkins staff Mr. Collier and Mr. Arway that he had put it on the top.
All right, however, once we know that, the Jim Julianna put the lettering on the picture that appears at it on top of it.
That's perhaps the picture was brought here, is that right?
Well, as I recall, he told Mr. Jenkins staff yesterday.
And you heard it.
That's my recollection.
One other thing or two was, when you were asked about the dinner last Monday night,
and the question was, what was the US to whether or not you were there?
You remember that?
Being asked that question?
Yes, sir.
And I remember your answer was, unfortunately, you were somewhere else with two other gentlemen, that's right.
Then if you were to mention on the word, fortunately, do you also consider that the fact was a hot dinner?
Yes, sir. It needs to become a big issue yet today.
And my name was mentioned so often, yes to this hearing, that it almost seemed as though it was a follow.
My name was having been there, having done something.
And we got to that picture with the China period, and with the general law.
And I didn't even know about that picture until yesterday's hearing.
Did you love the time of the day?
This is one of two very brief questions.
George, how many did you come to the committee?
It came from the 19th, the 15th grade, and where did you work by on the land?
In the department of justice.
Along with your work, the department of justice.
Yes, your office, three years.
And you came in under a lot of Attorney General.
Uh, Attorney General McRath.
McRath? Yes, sir.
And you served under McRath, and what other Attorney General?
Uh, Attorney General McRath.
McRath, and uh, Attorney General McRath.
Brown out.
And you left the department of justice one day and came to the committee the next day, is that correct?
Now, sir, I, uh, I gave them two weeks to tell this.
Yes, but I mean, you worked in the department one day and the next day you worked on the committee's stance.
I don't think it was over a weekend.
Over a weekend.
You were not fired, you resigned.
I resigned.
In order to take the time for the committee.
And you served under two Democrats, Attorney General, under one Republican.
That's right. Yes, sir.
No, no further questions.
Uh, sir, sir.
How's your having?
No further questions.
Mr. Chairman, I have none. Senator Miss Allen?
Any of the senators at my right have any further questions?
That's my last.
No, but...
Mr. Weldon.
Any further questions?
Mr. Chairman, I think it's time my assistant to face the microphone.
He's going to take a short turn and I think we will be through.
Mr. Schindler representing the Council's booth.
You may have Mr. Weldon.
All right.
Let's go here.
ABC Radio is bringing you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army hearings in Washington.
This is ABC Radio Network.
This is New York Police Station, WABC AM and FF.
Now back to the McCarthy Army hearings and the Senate Office Building in Washington.
Remember the Senate investigation staff, George Anastose, is being questioned through this time by Mr. Sinclair,
who is the assistant to Joe Weldon, the Army Council.
Thank you, sir.
I ask you to go.
When did you first learn that there was any attention in the picture?
The description will be glad you have lost two days.
Would you please repeat that question?
Would you order me to question?
What did you first learn that there was an existing picture of the description that we have passed here?
I'm asking you to.
You may listen to me here.
He is the one who ordered the phone up to ensure the one that tried to shine.
Oh, well.
Well, as I said, when I brought up the photograph, up to the committee room,
I know there was a picture of shine and the Stevens.
I didn't know there was anybody else.
Where's the inquiry ever made of you, George Anastose?
How did you define that there were only two persons in the picture?
We're going to hear last Monday.
Well, I think after Mr. Walsh had raised the point of somebody of a third person
being cut out of the picture, naturally downstairs in our office,
there was general speculation of discussion as to what had happened.
Who was there?
Well, I think, probably all around there.
Well, I know I've heard him discuss generally the question of what had happened.
The connection with the picture.
The next connection did you learn that someone had had an office or a third person being cut out of the picture?
Well, I never found out if anybody had given it any particular reason.
No, exactly.
It answered the question.
Did you learn that someone had had an office or a third person being cut out of the picture?
Well, I've never yet known to him.
Well, I learned that.
I learned that.
I learned here.
Did you learn it down below?
I just was up his surface that a third person had been omitted.
I want to read to you as part of the control test once on the 629 of the transcripts.